There once was a garbanzo bean named Steve the Second. After Ariel created her story about Steve the First, git decided to not cooperate and get mad at her. She decided to write about Steve the Second instead! Steve the Bean was a nice garbanzo bean that just wanted to be great, but could not be. This was for verious reasons. First of all, he could not write code in java. All he knew was COBOL, because that was important 15 years earlier when Steve The First was in school and Steve the First had taught Steve the Second. The second reason Steve the second was not great was because he was a smol bean. The third and final reason was that Steve the Second did not know how to implement a red0black tree. One day, Steve decided he wanted to change this. He wanted to be the second Steve the Garbanzo Bean the Great. This is the story of how he changed and became great.
Steve first decided to address the first reason he was not great. Steve enrolled in cs200 at UW Madison in order to learn java. This was not easy for Steve as learning a new high level language is not the easiest thing to pick up for a garbanzo bean. Everytime Steve needed to compare two reference objects, he kept forgetting to use the .equals() to compare their values. Also Steve had a difficultly understanding the difference between static and non static methods. After a hard semester of studying however, Steve earned an AB in cs200. So off to cs300 for Steve! This course was substantially more difficult! Data structures are no joke. Steve found binary search trees in particular difficult to implement despite given the psuedo code in lecture. Steve earned a B in cs300. Would he finally learn about the red0black tree in cs400?!?
Now Steve thinks that he is ready for cs400, though in fact that he is not well prepared. Steve goes to class on time everyday, he take notes  in his notebook, and he would always review it afterclass. But this is not enough for Steve to be successful, he needs more effort. Steve spends lots of time in front of his computer, working on codes, and homeworks, yet, the quizs' grade weren't good enough. Stevestarted to discuss with his classmates and ask question to Deb, which starts to make him feel more and more confident on his work. Finally, on the assignment tree, Steve managed to almost implement the red0black tree "correctly", except that he forgets to put colors in the nodes.
